added an example of source element using height & width attributes (#21819)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/106/index.md

### HTML

- The {{HTMLElement("source")}} element now supports [`height`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/source#attr-height) & [`width`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/source#attr-width) attributes when it is a child of a {{HTMLElement("picture")}} element.

>   This functionality is an experimental feature behind a [feature flag](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features#height_width_attributes_for_source) ({{bug(1694741)}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This functionality is an experimental feature enabled using the `dom.picture_source_dimension_attributes.enabled` [preference](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features#height_width_attributes_for_source) ({{bug(1694741)}}).
```
